**Me-In-Markdown**

Hello! My name is Alex, I am in 10th grade and I really like listening to rock music. My favorite book is **Do Not Disturb** by Frida McFadden and my favorite movie is **Murder Mystery** which includes Adam Sandler.
A new skill I learned is how to video edit using Davinci resolve. An interesting fact about myself is that I really like programming. My goals for this school year is to get straight A's and get a 4 or a 5 on both of my ap exams. My travel experience this summer was amazing, I traveled to Santa Barbara and went to an Ostrich Farm and then I went to the Santa Barbara Zoo. A favorite food or dish I enjoyed during the summer was Korean BBQ and it was so special to me because I really enjoy the taste. I am hoping to learn more about programming this year in computer science class. The best memorable exprience I had during the summer was going to Six Flags and it stood out to me because I have never been to a theme park. I run in cross country and some new skills I obtained was better stamina and stronger legs. This summer I worked on a project where I had to develop a map for a roblox game. I had to use my creativity to 3d model assets and terrains. So far I have volunteered for my mother buisness and I managed to gain more discipline from my experience. A family tradition I took part in was attending a wedding this summer and it meant a lot to me since weddings are very fun to attend. My favorite summer memory with friends was playing video games and what made it so special was that we were playing video games late night. My experiences have influenced my future aspirations or career goals by encouraging me to study more and achieve the best grades possible.

